h1. seinfeld.sh

Inspired by Terminal outputting the last login date, seinfeld.sh shows the date of your last open source contribution as tracked by "Calendar About Nothing":http://calendaraboutnothing.com/.

h2. Setup

* "Authorize Calendar About Nothing":http://calendaraboutnothing.com/edit (if you haven't already).
* export your github username to the github_username variable
** @export github_username="your_github_username"@
* source the script in your bash so it gets called when you open a terminal

h2. Example Output

bc. Last login: Sat Aug 20 23:19:43 on ttys002
Last OSS Commit: 2011-08-21
$ brian:

h2. Improvements

# some sort of caching (if the date hasn't changed, don't fetch)
# improved response parsing and cleaning (my first time using @sed@ or @awk@, it all feels a bit kludgy to me)
# install/setup process
# include streaks in output
# groups parsing

h2. Contributing

In the spirit of "free software":http://www.fsf.org/licensing/essays/free-sw.html, *everyone* is encouraged to help improve this project.

Here are some ways *you* can contribute:

* using alpha, beta, and prerelease versions
* reporting bugs
* suggesting new features
* writing or editing documentation
* writing specifications
* writing code (**no patch is too small**: fix typos, add comments, clean up inconsistent whitespace)
* refactoring code
* closing "issues":https://github.com/bryckbost/seinfeld.sh/issues
* reviewing patches

h3. Submitting an Issue

We use the "GitHub issue tracker":https://github.com/bryckbost/seinfeld.sh/issues) to track bugs
and features. Before submitting a bug report or feature request, check to make sure it hasn't already
been submitted. You can indicate support for an existing issuse by voting it up. When submitting a
bug report, please include a "Gist":https://gist.github.com/ that includes a stack trace and any
details that may be necessary to reproduce the bug, including your gem version, Ruby version, and
operating system. Ideally, a bug report should include a pull request with failing specs.

h3. Submitting a Pull Request

1. Fork the project.
2. Implement your feature or bug fix.
3. Commit and push your changes.
4. Submit a pull request. Please do not include changes to the gemspec, version, or history file.

h2. Copyright

Copyright © 2011 Brian Ryckbost

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
